#summary Guide for the myisern-xml program.

= Introduction =
This page contains information on using the myisern-xml program.

= Installation =
Download the latest release from the Downloads page and extract the folder to any directory you wish.

= Running The Program =
In order to run the program, you will need to use the command-line and invoke it with the following command and only one sequence of arguments may be used per invokation:

{{{java -jar myisern-blue.jar <argument>}}}

*Valid Arguments:*

_Note on {{{<uniqueID>}}}: In order to get successful results, use underscores instead of spaces for names you are searching for. e.g "Philip_Johnson" and not "Philip Johnson"_


These arguments return tables listing of the collaborations known for the given organization, year, or researcher.  Note that the uniqueID specified must be a valid uniqueID and a uniqueID for the given type (organization or researcher).

{{{-listCollaborations -organization <uniqueID>}}}

{{{-listCollaborations -year <year>}}}

{{{-listCollaboraitons -researcher <uniqueID>}}}


These commands all produce tables that provide a summary description of the given researcher, organization, or collaboration.  The <uniqueID> argument, if required, must be valid and associated with the specified type. The "-all" argument simply list all instances of the specifed type.

{{{-describe -researcher <uniqueID>}}}

{{{-describe -organization <uniqueID>}}}

{{{-describe -collaboration <uniqueID>}}}

{{{-describe -all Researchers}}}

{{{-describe -all Organizations}}}

{{{-describe -all Collaborations}}}


These commands list all organizations engaged in the specified number of collaborations. An organization engaged in exactly two collaborations would be listed in -collaborationLevelEquals 2, or -collaborationLevelGreaterThan 1.

{{{-listOrganizations -collaborationLevelEquals <integer>}}}

{{{-listOrganizations -collaborationLevelGreaterThan <integer>}}}